January 22nd
Scenarios for iteration one (version 1)
Some scenarios for iteration one.
These scenarios were written with varying levels of abstraction for the purpose of scenario writing practice and feedback.
Two types of organizational methods were used, a branching “Xy-Z” scheme where parallel steps in a scenario are specified by a letter following a number, and a final number after a hyphen to specify which step of the parallel path the branch is on. (eg. 3a-1 proceeds to 3a-2) The point at which the parallel paths converge in the scenario resume the normal numbering of the scenarios steps.
The other method is a sub-scenario, written in scenario form, I have chosen to make these
 sub-scenarios less abstract as they felt like an appropriate place to try writing more specific scenario writing.

Hot-seat play
1. The player wants to play a solo game of quest
2. The player launches the application to begin the game
3. The player selects "Hot-Seat" from the GUI menu presented to them
4. The player proceeds to engage in a game of quest with AI-controlled opponents
5. As the game proceeds, the player either wins or loses the game when either the player achieves the victory conditions or one of the AI-controlled opponents does, following this the player is given a summary of the game's ending status and the application closes

Event Cards (Chivalrous Deed and Prosperity throughout the kingdom)
1. During a game, the dealer turns over a card from the story deck
2. This card is revealed to be an event card, the application interprets the event card’s specific instructions and behaves accordingly.
3a-1. The card is Chivalrous Deed, the application checks each of the players to find the one with the least shields and lowest rank. 
3a-2. When the player of lowest rank and least shields is found, 3 shields are added to       that player’s shields count.
3b-1. The card is Prosperity Throughout the Realm, the application distributes two adventure cards to each player.
4. After the event card has resolved, play resumes.

Quest Cards
1. During a game, the dealer turns over a card from the story deck.
2. This card is revealed to be a quest card, the dealer decides to sponsor the quest and begins constructing the stages.
4. They are then prompted to create the first stage and may use a combination of foes and weapons or a test card, taking into account any special conditions set by the quest card. This continues for the second stage and so on until the sponsor has created a number of stages equal to the number of stages described on the quest card.
5. After creating the stages, two players decide to join the quest.
6. The first stage is a Foe card:
	Foe Cards
	1. The players both have strength 1, the first player equips a dagger while the second
	equips a battle axe
2. The players have encountered a Robber Knight with 15 battle power, the first player 
fails to defeat the robber knight while the second player does have enough power to
defeat the robber knight, discards his equipped battle axe and receives an adventure card.
7. The remaining player proceeds to the second stage, which is a Test card:
	Test Cards
	1. The card is revealed to be the Test of Temptation card.
	2. The player makes the minimum bid of 3 cards in order to continue the quest and
	receives an adventure card.
8. The player then proceeds to the final stage of the quest, a foe card, and makes equips several weapon cards to vanquish the foe.
9. The foe is indeed vanquished and the victorious player receives 3 shields from this 3 stage quest
8. The sponsor is then distributed 6 adventure cards, all cards used in the quest are put in his discard pile and the turn ends.

